Pass on Chapter 14 "go further" blocks and exercises (#641)
browserengineering/book: book/accessibility.md

reading text more easily.

::: {.further}
On high-resolution screens, CSS pixels are scaled by both zoom and a
[`devicePixelRatio`][dpr] factor.[^js-dpr] This factor scales device
pixels so that there are approximately 96 pixels per inch, which a lot
of old-school desktop displays had. For example, the original iPhone

> had 163 pixels per inch; a browser might use a `devicePixelRatio` of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
had 163 pixels per inch; the browser on that device used a `devicePixelRatio` of
```

::: {.further}

Of course, a real browser needs change quite a bit more colors than
our browser---scroll bars, input elements, menus, and so on.
The browser should really not be changing colors on unsuspecting
pages. For example, it'll likely have terrible accessibility outcomes!
Instead web pages [indicate support][dark-mode-post] for dark mode
using the `color-scheme` [`meta` tag][meta-tag] or [CSS
property][css-prop]. Before `color-scheme` was standardized, web pages
could offer alternative color schemes using [alternative style

> sheets][alt-style], but few browsers supported it (of the major ones,

Reviewer: Was this feature in firefox available for dark mode? I didn't know that.

Author: Uhh—the website could offer a separate darker style sheet if it wanted to, and I know a few websites offered alternative high-contrast stylesheet, but it didn't directly have anything to do with dark mode or high contrast or whatever.

Author: Great suggestion.

more maintainable code overall.

::: {.further}

Why send the `click` event when an element is activated, instead of a
special `activate` event? Internet Explorer [did use][onactivate]

> a special `activate` event, and other browsers did use to send a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a special `activate` event, and other browsers used to send a
```

method, which lets JavaScript focus a particular element. Make sure
that the option to prevent scrolling works properly.

*Highlighting elements during read*: The method to read the document
works, but it'd be nice to also highlight the elements being read as
it happens, in a similar way to how we did it for mouse hover.
Implement that. You may want to replace the `speak_document` method
with an `advance_accessibility` method that moves the accessibility
focus by one node and speaks it.

*Width media queries*: Zooming in or out causes the width of the page
in CSS pixels to change. That means that sometimes elements that used
to fit comfortably on the page no longer do so, because they become
too large; if the page becomes narrow enough, a different layout may
be more appropriate. The [`max-width` media query][width-mq] does
this; it is active only if the width of the page, in CSS pixels, is
less than or equal to a given length.[^responsive-width-size]
Implement this media query. Test that zooming in or out can trigger
this media query.

[width-mq]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/width

[^responsive-width-size]: As you've seen, many accessibility features

> overlap have non-accessibility uses. For example, the `max-width`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also have non-accessibility uses. For example, the `max-width`
```

media query is indeed a way to customize behavior on zoom, but most
developers think of it instead as a way to instead customize their
website for different devices, like desktops, tablets, and mobile
devices. The idea of [responsive design][responsive-design] means

> designing websites to work well on any kind of browser screens and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
designing websites to work well on any kind of browser screen and
```

> contexts. Responsive design can be viewed as a kind of accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
context. Responsive design can be viewed as a kind of accessibility.
```

[responsive-design]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Responsive_Design

*Threaded accessibility*: The accessibility code currently speaks text
on the browser thread, and blocks the browser thread while it speaks.
This is pretty annoying. Solve this by moving the speaking to a new
accessibility thread that is in charge of speaking the document.

*High-contrast mode*: Implement high-contrast [forced-colors] mode.
This should replace all colors with one of a small set of
[high-contrast][contrast] colors. You should also draw a rectangular
*backplate* behind all lines of text in order to ensure that there is
sufficient contrast between the text and whatever is behind it.

[forced-colors]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/forced-colors

> *`:hover` pseudoclass*: There is a `:hover` pseudoclass that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*`:hover` pseudoclass*: There is a `:hover` pseudo-class that
```

Author: Fixed, and fixed all other instances of pseudoclass to be pseudo-class

identifies elements the mouse is [hovering over][hover-pseudo].
Implement it by sending mouse hover events to the active `Tab` and hit

> testing to find out which element is hovered. Try avoid [forcing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
testing to find out which element is hovered. Try to avoid [forcing a
```

layout][forced-layout-hit-test] in this hit test; one way to do that
is to store a `pending_hover` on the `Tab` and running the hit test
after `layout` during `render`, and then doing *another* render to
invalidate the hovered element's style.

[forced-layout-hit-test]: https://browser.engineering/scheduling.html#threaded-style-and-layout

[hover-pseudo]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:hover

[selection]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Selection

*focus-visible*: When the user tabs to a link, we probably want to
show a focus indicator, but if the user clicked on it, most browsers
don't---the user knows where the focused element is! And a redundant
focus indicator could be ugly, or distracting. Implement a similar
heuristic. Clicking on a button should focus it, but not show a focus
indicator. (Test this on [a page with](examples/example14-focus.html)

> a button is placed outside a form, so clicking the button doesn't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a button placed outside a form, so clicking the button doesn't
```

navigate to a new page.) But both clicking on and tabbing to an input
element should show a focus ring.

> Also support for the [`:focus-visible` pseudo-class][focus-visible].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for the [`:focus-visible` pseudo-class][focus-visible].
```
